this is my first major
expedition so this is the dream
right
it's a bit hairy to actually get
on for my main job is to get
aerial shots for conservation
research
this expedition happened in 2012
and even though it doesn't seem
like that long ago drone
technology was a lot different
than it is today you . just five
really nice flyball off the
shelf groans I built this thing
from scratch
at one point I was even pretty
much just sleeping in the office
to make sure that i could get
this thing done there anything
special you want my it's very
very windy the seabirds you can
see their kind of just like
hovering there in this immense
amount of wind so I decide all
right I'm gonna kind of do this
cool banking turn maybe look at
some seabirds the frame artistic
and everything but the drone is
turning as I'm making this
maneuver so it's turning but
then the wind catches it
ok
I'm really trying not to let
anybody know but I'm really
freaking out inside and what is
happening with his drone could
cut the engines and let it fall
to the ground
it'll be fine it'll be fine i'm
telling myself and so I close to
the tree line and on the other
side is this big rocky beach
lasted how long 30 seconds
pretty much the drone fell into
the ocean and they got smashed
to bits on the rocks in the
lesson learned like my bosses
just don't crash it
I am with Alex Honnold and we
are attempting to client 45 of
the most iconic towers in the
desert